## correct-me

`correct-me` is a prototype backend (API) for a small service designed for a team. The service allows users to upload proposed message formulations, and other users can suggest alternative versions. The author can then choose the best version. Additionally, each message is run through a spell-check service (e.g., Yandex Speller), and a list of errors is displayed.

### Features

- Users can log in to the service and get a list of all submitted phrases with filters for unresolved phrases and phrases authored by them.
- Users can submit new phrases for review.
- Users can mark the best suggested alternative phrase, marking the phrase as resolved.
- Users can add alternative versions to other users' phrases.
- Each submitted phrase is run through a spell-check service, and a list of spelling errors is provided.

### Technologies Used

- Haskell
- Servant
- Postgres (hasql)
- wreq / http-conduit
- Swagger

### Running the Application

You can run the application either with `stack` or using `docker-compose`.

#### Running with Stack

1. Ensure you have [Stack](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/README/) installed.
2. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/almayor/correct-me.git
   cd correct-me
   ```
3. Start a Postgres database and write its access credentials to `config.toml`.
3. Build and run the application:
   ```sh
   stack build
   stack run
   ```

#### Running with Docker Compose

1. Ensure you have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed.
2. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/almayor/correct-me.git
   cd correct-me
   ```
3. Build and run the Docker containers:
   ```sh
   docker-compose up --build
   ```

### API Documentation

- **Servant Docs**: The API documentation generated by Servant can be accessed at `/docs`.
- **Swagger UI**: The Swagger UI for the API can be accessed at `/swagger-ui`.

### Configuration

The application can be configured using a `config.toml` file. Environmental variables can override the configuration parameters. For example, `CORRECTME_DB_PORT` overrides `db.port` in the `config.toml` file.

### Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please contact [almayor](mailto:almayor@example.com).
